attestation: docs and config changes for SNP attestation (#1959)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/workflows/config.md

</tabItem>
<tabItem value="aws" label="AWS">

By default, Constellation uses `m6a.xlarge` VMs (4 vCPUs, 16 GB RAM) to create your cluster.
Optionally, you can switch to a different VM type by modifying **instanceType** in the configuration file.
If you are using the default attestation type `awsSEVSNP` you can use the instance types described in [AWS's AMD SEV-SNP docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/snp-requirements.html).

> Please mind the region restrictions mentioned in the [Getting started](../getting-started/first-steps.md#create-a-cluster) section.

Reviewer: not optimal to point from the more reference-like config page to the more guide-like page for further info

Author: Not sure what to do here. I don't want to copy the information as I assume the information will diverge at some point. But I also want to point the user to the limitations if they aren't aware. 
The workflows section also feels pretty guide-like to me?

Reviewer: I'm also not sure what to do here. I thought maybe you would came up with an idea :D
Yes, reference-like is probably not correct. But I would feel more comfortable when the more-intro-level first-steps would reference the more-extensive-level config page. However, I also don't want to need to lookup something in the config workflow to be able to complete the first-steps.
So conclusion is probably to keep it as is.

> If you are using the attestation type `awsNitroTPM` you can choose from a larger pool of node types as mentioned in this [list of nitroTPM-enabled instance types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/enable-nitrotpm-prerequisites.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the attestation variant `awsNitroTPM`, you can choose any of the [nitroTPM-enabled instance types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/enable-nitrotpm-prerequisites.html).
```

By default, Constellation uses `m6a.xlarge` VMs (4 vCPUs, 16 GB RAM) to create your cluster. Optionally, you can switch to a different VM type by modifying **instanceType** in the configuration file. Supported are all nitroTPM-enabled machines with a minimum of 4 vCPUs (`xlarge` or larger). Refer to the [list of nitroTPM-enabled instance types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/enable-nitrotpm-prerequisites.html) or run `constellation config instance-types` to get the list of all supported options.

Constellation also support AMD SEV-SNP machines. The list of AWS instance types that support SEV-SNP can be found in the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/snp-requirements.html). Please mind the region restrictions mentioned in the [Getting started](../getting-started/first-steps.md#create-a-cluster) section.

> To enable AMD SEV-SNP in your cluster you will have to select the `awsSEVSNP` attestation config. You can also use the `--attestation` flag of the [config generate](../reference/cli.md#constellation-config-generate) command.

Reviewer: as awsSEVSNP is the default, I think this needs to be rephrased/rearranged

> :::Caution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
```

Due to a bug in AWS' SNP implementation, SNP report generation may fail in unforeseeable circumstances.
Therefore, even if you select attestation type `awsSEVSNP`, Constellation still uses NitroTPM-based attestation.

> Nonetheless, memory encryption is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nonetheless, runtime encryption is enabled.
```
I think that's the term we want to use user-facing
